Add known issue of LB IP duplicated allocation (#766)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/rancher/cloud-provider.md

## Health checks

Beginning with Harvester cloud provider v0.2.0, additional health checks of the `LoadBalancer` service within the guest Kubernetes cluster are no longer necessary. Instead, you can configure [liveness](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/#define-a-tcp-liveness-probe) and [readiness](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/#define-readiness-probes) probes for your workloads. Consequently, any unavailable pods will be automatically removed from the load balancer endpoints to achieve the same desired outcome.

## Known Issues

> ### Guest Kubernetes Cluster Loadbalancer IP Assignment can Become Permenently Stuck in IPAM Mode
> 
> The `LoadBalancer` service may stay pending in the guest cluster and the associated `loadbalancer.loadbalancer.harvesterhci.io` resource on Harvester cluster contains the following status message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Guest Cluster Load Balancer IP Permanently Stuck in IPAM Mode

The `LoadBalancer` service may stay pending in the guest cluster and the associated `loadbalancer.loadbalancer.harvesterhci.io` resource on the Harvester cluster contains the following status message:
```

```
1.2.3.4 has been allocated to harvester-public/guest-cluster-name-default-test-loadbalancer-3-8c40671d, duplicate allocation is not allowed
```

**Workaround**

> Replace the image tag of `harvester-load-balancer` deployment on Harvester with [v1.5.0](https://github.com/harvester/load-balancer-harvester/releases/tag/v1.5.0) or newer, which will release the previously allocated IP first and then allocate a new one. The issue has been fixed from Harvester v1.5.0.
> 
> Related issues:
>   - [[BUG] Guest Kubernetes Cluster Loadbalancer IP assignment can become permenently stuck in IPAM mode](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7449)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workaround is to replace the image tag of the `harvester-load-balancer` deployment on Harvester with [v1.5.0](https://github.com/harvester/load-balancer-harvester/releases/tag/v1.5.0) or a later version. When the image tag is replaced, the previously allocated IP is released and a new one is allocated. 

This issue is fixed in Harvester v1.5.0 and later.

Related issue: [#7449](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7449)
```
